requirements.md, before:

## Functional Requirements

1. Login
2. Logout
3. Create new account
4. Delete account
5. User Ratings
6. Bid item
7. See all items available from all of the sellers
8. Find items
9. User profiles
10. Add pictures for items
11. Add items
12. Splash page

## Non-functional Requirements

1. Compatibility
2. Usability
3. Performance
4. Environmental

## Use Cases

#### Use Case Name (Should match functional requirement name)
- **Pre-condition:** <can be a list or short description> 

- **Trigger:** <can be a list or short description> 

- **Primary Sequence:**
  
  1. ...
  2. ... 
  3. ...
  4. ... 
  5. ...
  6. ...
  7. ...
  8. ...
  9. ...
  10. <Try to stick to a max of 10 steps>

- **Primary Postconditions:** <can be a list or short description> 

- **Alternate Sequence:** <you can have more than one alternate sequence to describe multiple issues that may arise>
  
  1. ...
  2. ...
  3. ...

- **Alternate Sequence <optional>:** <you can have more than one alternate sequence to describe multiple issues that may arise>
  
  1. ...
  2. ...
  3. ...
#### Use Case Name (Should match functional requirement name)
   ...

Commit message:

Find item and user profile use cases

requirements.md, after:

## Functional Requirements

1. Login
2. Logout
3. Create new account
4. Delete account
5. User Ratings
6. Bid item
7. See all items available from all of the sellers
8. Find items
9. User profiles
10. Add pictures for items
11. Add items
12. Splash page

## Non-functional Requirements

1. Compatibility
2. Usability
3. Performance
4. Environmental

## Use Cases

### Find items JammalamadakaProfiles)
- **Pre-condition:** User is already viewing splash page

- **Actors:** User and Server

- **Trigger:** User clicks on "Find".

- **Primary Sequence:**
  
  1. User clicks on search bar.
  2. User selects "type", "locality" and "city" search parameters of product to narrow down results
  3. User clicks on "Find" to initiate action.
 
- **Primary Postconditions:** User can see a list of all the products that match the search criterion.

### User Profiles (Hemanth JammalamadakaProfiles)
- **Pre-condition:** Should already have an account (), be logged into said account. 

- **Actors:** User and Server

- **Trigger:** User clicks on profile display picture, and consequently "view proflie"

- **Primary Sequence:**
  
  1. User logs into their account.
  2. User clicks on desired user's profile picture.
  3. User clicks on "view profile" to confirm action. 
 
- **Primary Postconditions:** User can see all products listed by the user as well as all the ratings posted by the user.
